+++
title = "Strategies to Design Signals to Spoof Kalman Filter"
date = 2018-06-28T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Zhongshun Zhang", "Lifeng Zhou", "Pratap Tokekar"]`.
authors = ["[*Conference*] Zhongshun Zhang", "Lifeng Zhou", "Pratap Tokekar"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Annual American Control Conference*, IEEE."
publication_short = "In *ACC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We study the problem of designing spoofing signals
to corrupt and mislead the output of a Kalman filter.
Unlike existing works that focus on detection and filtering
algorithms for the observer, we study the problem from the
attacker’s point-of-view. In our model, the attacker can corrupt
the measurements by adding spoofing signals. The attacker
seeks to create a separation between the estimate of the Kalman
filter with and without spoofing signals. We present a number
of results on how to generate such spoofing signals, while
minimizing the signal magnitude. The resulting algorithms are
evaluated through simulations along with theoretical proofs."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8430817"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
# url_code = "#"
# url_dataset = "#"
# url_project = "#"
# url_slides = "#"
# url_video = "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HO2dRSLk-Vc"
# url_poster = "#"
# url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
