+++
title = "Active target tracking with self-triggered communications"
date = 2017-05-29T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Lifeng Zhou", "Pratap Tokekar"]`.
authors = ["[*Conference*] Lifeng Zhou", "Pratap Tokekar"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *International Conference on Robotics and Automation*, IEEE."
publication_short = "In *ICRA*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We study the problem of reducing the amount of communication in a distributed target tracking problem. We focus on the scenario where a team of robots are allowed to move on the boundary of the environment. Their goal is to seek a formation so as to best track a target moving in the interior of the environment. The robots are capable of measuring distances to the target. Decentralized control strategies have been proposed in the past that guarantee that the robots asymptotically converge to the optimal formation. However, existing methods require that the robots exchange information with their neighbors at all time steps. Instead, we focus on reducing the amount of communication among robots. We propose a self-triggered communication strategy that decides when a particular robot should seek up-to-date information from its neighbors and when it is safe to operate with possibly outdated information from the neighbor. We prove that this strategy converges to an optimal formation. We compare the two approaches (constant communication and self-triggered communication) through simulations of tracking stationary and mobile targets."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7989244"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
# url_code = "#"
# url_dataset = "#"
# url_project = "#"
# url_slides = "#"
url_video = "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HO2dRSLk-Vc"
# url_poster = "#"
# url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
