
+++
title = "Distributed model predictive control for consensus of sampled-data multi-agent systems with double-integrator dynamics"
date = 2015-08-06T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Lifeng Zhou", "Shaoyuan Li"]`.
authors = ["[*Journal*] <b>Lifeng Zhou</b>", "Shaoyuan Li"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IET Control Theory & Applications*"
publication_short = "In *IET Control Theory & Applications*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This study proposes a distributed model predictive control (MPC) strategy to achieve consensus of sampled-data multi-agent systems with double-integrator dynamics. On the basis of the error of state between each agent and the centre of its subsystem, a novel distributed MPC strategy (Algorithm 1) is obtained with the exchange of current states only. Then, a reverse iterative algorithm (Algorithm 2) is specially designed for the receding horizon optimisation of sampled-data double-integrator dynamics. Illustrative examples are finally displayed to verify the effectiveness and advantage of the distributed MPC consensus strategy and the impact of sampling period on consensus."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?arnumber=7166509"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
# url_code = "#"
# url_dataset = "#"
# url_project = "#"
# url_slides = "#"
# url_video = "#"
# url_poster = "#"
# url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
