
+++
title = "Active Target Tracking with Self-Triggered Communications in Multi-Robot Teams"
date = 2018-09-01T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Lifeng Zhou", "Shaoyuan Li"]`.
authors = ["[*Journal*] <b>Lifeng Zhou</b>", "Pratap Tokekar"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *In *Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering*, IEEE"
publication_short = "In *TASE*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We study the problem of reducing the amount of communication in decentralized target tracking. We focus on the scenario, where a team of robots is allowed to move on the boundary of the environment. Their goal is to seek a formation so as to best track a target moving in the interior of the environment. The robots are capable of measuring distances to the target. Decentralized control strategies have been proposed in the past, which guarantees that the robots asymptotically converge to the optimal formation. However, existing methods require that the robots exchange information with their neighbors at all time steps. Instead, we focus on decentralized strategies to reduce the amount of communication among robots. We propose a self-triggered communication strategy that decides when a particular robot should seek up-to-date information from its neighbors and when it is safe to operate with possibly outdated information. We prove that this strategy converges asymptotically to the desired formation when the target is stationary. For the case of a mobile target, we use a decentralized Kalman filter with covariance intersection to share the beliefs of neighboring robots. We evaluate all the approaches through simulations and a proof-of-concept experiment."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8466114"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
# url_code = "#"
# url_dataset = "#"
# url_project = "#"
# url_slides = "#"
url_video = "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcsRCc9cfns"
# url_poster = "#"
# url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
